hey guys and welcome to my eat clean
series with Scott today I'm going to be
making a very delicious shepherd's pie
with celeriac mash
so this Shepard supplier has a slight
twist seeing as we're using slurry act
as the mash instead of potato but the
base is quite similar so we're going to
start off we're going to fry off some
onions so just put in some coconut oil
and we'll melt that down so we'll fry
these off to 5 minutes until they've got
a nice little bronze color and okay next
we're going to add in our garlic is that
a good stir and in goes the grated
carrot and then we're just going to move
this to the side we're just going to
bronze the meat got some beautiful
organic lambs going in so you just want
to bronze up keep stirring it around so
this is such a beautiful family dish I
feel like it's something you just want
to enjoy sort of cozy at home with the
whole family and we'll put all the
details in the full description on the
website so you can see that we've pretty
much bronze to me and all the pinky bits
are going so we can just stir that all
together now I've got some dried
rosemary and thyme so put those in there
smelling gorgeous and I'm going to add
in some fresh chicken stock and always
go for fresh give that a nice stir in
goes in tomato puree and a nice pinch of
good quality salt just stir that all
together and this is pretty much our
base done so we're just going to leave
this to simmer and cook through for 15
minutes while we make the celeriac mash
so I've just chopped it up into sort of
little inch cubes roughly and got some
boiling water in here and we're just
going to boil it up until it's cooked
through so I'm using celeriac instead of
potato because it's the last starch here
and also it's getting a bit more load to
goodness into you but you could use also
cauliflower works really well thanks
Larry it's a really good root veg it's
still got that sort of thick taste and
no one's going to tell the difference so
you don't have to tell anyone that it's
lower yet so we're going to cook this
through add the rest of the ingredients
and then chuck it in the food processor
and blend it until it's smooth the
celerio acts nice and cooked through so
you just want to feel like your fork can
smoothly go through I've drained off all
the liquid and we're pouring this into
the food processor if you don't have a
food processor you could also use a hand
blender in goes one egg yolk
teaspoon of mustard and coconut oil and
a nice pinch of salt as well and then
we'll blend this till smooth perfect
look at that who would know that they're
celeriac in there it smells delicious
first of all we're going to ladle in our
beautiful mint just been cooking away
and all those flavors are really coming
together now and then we'll put the mash
on top
and I really do love seeing a recreation
and a big shout out to Paul lush seven I
hope I'm saying your name right for
sending in your awesome recreation of my
fish pie I hope you enjoyed it and I'm
sure you're going to like this one too
okay so the mash is on and then we're
just going to do a little crisscross
those on top which will give a nice
crispy mash when it goes in so we've got
the oven preheated to 200 and we're just
going to whack within
you
so here is my nicely cooked celeriac
shepherd's pie I hope you enjoyed this
video and make sure you subscribe to
Scot food and also to my youtube channel
and I'll see you next time
you